Practitioner/1_Cloud Foundations and Compute/Readme.md, before:

## Introduction
  - Course Introduction
  - About the Exam
  - Review
## Foundations of Cloud Computing
  - Getting your head in the Cloud
  - Introducing Cloud Computing and Deployment Models
    - Six cloud computing advantages:
      - Global in Minutes
      - No Data Center spend
      - Economies of Scale
      - Speed and Agility
      - Stop Guessing Capacity
      - CapEx for Variable Expense
    - Benefits:
      - High availability
      - Elasticity
      - Agility
      - Durability
    - Cloud computing Models
      - IaaS: Provides the building blocks of computing infrastructure, such as Virtual machines, storage, and networking. 
        - AWS EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon VPC, Elastic Load Balanceing ELB, Azure VMs
      - PaaS: Provides a platform for building, testing, and deploying applications without managing the infrastructure
        - Development and deployment platforms: AWS Lambda (FaaS), Amazon RDS, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Fargate
      - SaaS: delivers Fully managed software applications over the internet.
        - Gmail, Amazon QuickSight, AWS Backup, Amazon Connect, Amazon WorkSpaces
    - private, public, hybrid cloud
    - Review
  - Exploring Regioins and Availability Zones
    - Regions:
      - US East:
        - Ohio: (us-east-2) Zone
          - multiple data centers
        - N.Virginia (us-east-1) Zone
      - US West,
    - Review
  - Reviewing Edge Locations and Local Zones
  - Introducing the Frameworks
  - Meeting the AWS Management Console and Accessing AWS
    - Root User
    - The AWS Command Line Interface (CLIj)
  - Demo： Exploring Your Amazon Web Services （AWS） Account
    - Setup Root User MFA
    - IAM User Account ID: 186549181985
  - Foundations of Cloud Computing Exam Tips
  - Foundations of Cloud Computing Quiz
## Compute Technology and Services
  - Compute: The Bigger Picture
    - On-Demand
    - Spot instance
    - Dedicated Hosts
    - Reserved Instances
    - Saving Plans
  - Reviewing EC2 Features
    - Load Balancing 
      - Classic， Application， Gateway， Network
    - Auto Scaling
    - Compute Optimizer
      - horizoontal scaling
      - vertical scaling
    - Demo： Exploring Compute Services - EC2 in Action
    - Containers: The Bigger Picture
    - Serveless Services: The Bigger Picture
      - Lambda: < 15 Minutes
        - Real-Time File Processing
        - Sending Email Notifications
        - Backend Business Logic
      - Fargate: > 15 Minutes
        - Message-Driven Workloads
        - Event-Driven and Scheduled Workloads
    - Understanding Serverless Services Pricing and Features
      - Lambda Pricing 15min,3min, 1 million free amount requests a month
      - Fargate 
    - Demo: Exploring Compute Services - Lambda in Action
    - Create a Lambda Function Using the AWS Management Console
    - Introducting Additional Compute Services
      - Outposts
      - Lightsail
      - Batch
      - Wavelength
    - Compute Technology and Services Exam Tips
      - Scaling Types and Benefits
        - Horizontal: scale out, cross AZs
        - Vertical: scale up
      - Load Balancer Types
        - Classic
        - Gateway
        - Application
        - Network
      - ECS vs EKS
      - Fargate: 
        - serverless containers
        - no upfront costs, pay only for resources used.
      - Lambda: 
        - 1 million free requests a moonth
        - 15 minutes timeout

Commit message:

Review Edge Locations and Local Zones

Practitioner/1_Cloud Foundations and Compute/Readme.md, after:

## Introduction
  - Course Introduction
  - About the Exam
  - Review
## Foundations of Cloud Computing
  - Getting your head in the Cloud
  - Introducing Cloud Computing and Deployment Models
    - Six cloud computing advantages:
      - Global in Minutes
      - No Data Center spend
      - Economies of Scale
      - Speed and Agility
      - Stop Guessing Capacity
      - CapEx for Variable Expense
    - Benefits:
      - High availability
      - Elasticity
      - Agility
      - Durability
    - Cloud computing Models
      - IaaS: Provides the building blocks of computing infrastructure, such as Virtual machines, storage, and networking. 
        - AWS EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon VPC, Elastic Load Balanceing ELB, Azure VMs
      - PaaS: Provides a platform for building, testing, and deploying applications without managing the infrastructure
        - Development and deployment platforms: AWS Lambda (FaaS), Amazon RDS, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Fargate
      - SaaS: delivers Fully managed software applications over the internet.
        - Gmail, Amazon QuickSight, AWS Backup, Amazon Connect, Amazon WorkSpaces
    - private, public, hybrid cloud
    - Review
  - Exploring Regioins and Availability Zones
    - Regions:
      - US East:
        - Ohio: (us-east-2) Zone
          - multiple data centers
        - N.Virginia (us-east-1) Zone
      - US West,
    - Review
  - Reviewing Edge Locations and Local Zones
    - Local Zone: is an extension of a Region enabling things like real-time gaming.
    - Edge Location: CDN place content closer to users.
    - Review
  - Introducing the Frameworks
  - Meeting the AWS Management Console and Accessing AWS
    - Root User
    - The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
  - Demo： Exploring Your Amazon Web Services （AWS） Account
    - Setup Root User MFA
    - IAM User Account ID: 186549181985
  - Foundations of Cloud Computing Exam Tips
  - Foundations of Cloud Computing Quiz
## Compute Technology and Services
  - Compute: The Bigger Picture
    - On-Demand
    - Spot instance
    - Dedicated Hosts
    - Reserved Instances
    - Saving Plans
  - Reviewing EC2 Features
    - Load Balancing 
      - Classic， Application， Gateway， Network
    - Auto Scaling
    - Compute Optimizer
      - horizoontal scaling
      - vertical scaling
    - Demo： Exploring Compute Services - EC2 in Action
    - Containers: The Bigger Picture
    - Serveless Services: The Bigger Picture
      - Lambda: < 15 Minutes
        - Real-Time File Processing
        - Sending Email Notifications
        - Backend Business Logic
      - Fargate: > 15 Minutes
        - Message-Driven Workloads
        - Event-Driven and Scheduled Workloads
    - Understanding Serverless Services Pricing and Features
      - Lambda Pricing 15min,3min, 1 million free amount requests a month
      - Fargate 
    - Demo: Exploring Compute Services - Lambda in Action
    - Create a Lambda Function Using the AWS Management Console
    - Introducting Additional Compute Services
      - Outposts
      - Lightsail
      - Batch
      - Wavelength
    - Compute Technology and Services Exam Tips
      - Scaling Types and Benefits
        - Horizontal: scale out, cross AZs
        - Vertical: scale up
      - Load Balancer Types
        - Classic
        - Gateway
        - Application
        - Network
      - ECS vs EKS
      - Fargate: 
        - serverless containers
        - no upfront costs, pay only for resources used.
      - Lambda: 
        - 1 million free requests a moonth
        - 15 minutes timeout
