Practitioner/4_Monitoring_Security_Pricing/Readme.md, before:

## Auditing, Monitoring, Logging, and Additional Technology and Services
  - Introducing Monitoring and Logging on AWS
    - Well Architected Framework
      - Security
      - Cost Optimization
      - Performance Efficiency
      - Operational Excellence
      - Reliability 
      - Sustainability
  - Exploring Amazon CloudWatch and AWS CloudTrail
  - Demo: Getting to Know CloudWatch Dashboards
  - Managing Many Resources on AWS
    - Tag: sort & visulize cloud resources on AWS
    - System Manager: on AWS, on premises, on other cloud platforms, allows you to track resource groups and perform automated actions. 
      - System Manager Parameter Store can securely store sensitive data
        - Passwords
        - Database strings
        - License Keys
    - Review
  - Monitoring Service Health and Best Practices
    - AWS Health
      - Dashboard
      - API
    - Trusted Advisor
    - Review
  - Understanding Auditing on AWS
    - AWS Config is the backbone of configuration auditing on AWS
    - Audit Manager and The Well-Architected Tool help you assess your AWS resources to archive best practices and compliance standards
  - Identifying Business and End User Services
    - Amazon Connect: call center service in the cloud
    - Amazon WorkSpaces: managed desktop virtualization service
    - Amazon AppStream: convert your existing desktop applications into a cloud-based application, SaaS for employees or end users
  - Auditing, Monitoring, and Logging Exam Tips
  - Review
## Security, Compliance, and Governance
  - Security: The Bigger Picture
    - Security and Compliance 30%
    - Shared Responsibility Model
  - What Do We Need to Secure on AWS?

Commit message:

Security in / of the cloud

Practitioner/4_Monitoring_Security_Pricing/Readme.md, after:

## Auditing, Monitoring, Logging, and Additional Technology and Services
  - Introducing Monitoring and Logging on AWS
    - Well Architected Framework
      - Security
      - Cost Optimization
      - Performance Efficiency
      - Operational Excellence
      - Reliability 
      - Sustainability
  - Exploring Amazon CloudWatch and AWS CloudTrail
  - Demo: Getting to Know CloudWatch Dashboards
  - Managing Many Resources on AWS
    - Tag: sort & visulize cloud resources on AWS
    - System Manager: on AWS, on premises, on other cloud platforms, allows you to track resource groups and perform automated actions. 
      - System Manager Parameter Store can securely store sensitive data
        - Passwords
        - Database strings
        - License Keys
    - Review
  - Monitoring Service Health and Best Practices
    - AWS Health
      - Dashboard
      - API
    - Trusted Advisor
    - Review
  - Understanding Auditing on AWS
    - AWS Config is the backbone of configuration auditing on AWS
    - Audit Manager and The Well-Architected Tool help you assess your AWS resources to archive best practices and compliance standards
  - Identifying Business and End User Services
    - Amazon Connect: call center service in the cloud
    - Amazon WorkSpaces: managed desktop virtualization service
    - Amazon AppStream: convert your existing desktop applications into a cloud-based application, SaaS for employees or end users
  - Auditing, Monitoring, and Logging Exam Tips
  - Review
## Security, Compliance, and Governance
  - Security: The Bigger Picture
    - Security and Compliance 30%
    - Shared Responsibility Model
      - AWS: Security of the cloud
      - Customer: Security in the cloud
  - What Do We Need to Secure on AWS?
