Practitioner/2_Storage_Networking_and_Databases/Readme.md, before:

## Storage Technoloogy and Services
  - Exploring Amazon EC2 Storage
    - EBS: Elastic Block Store
    - EFS: Elastic File System
    - Instance Stores
  - Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3): The Bigger Picture
    - durability
    - scalability
    - security
    - versatility
    - data, key, metadata
  - Exploring S3 Storage Classes
    - Standard
    - Intelligent-Tiering
    - Standard-Infrequent Access
    - One Zone-Infrequent Access
    - Glacier Instant Retrieval
    - Glacier Flexible Retrieval
    - Glacier Deep Archive
  - Demo: Exploring Storage Services -S3 in Action
  - Creating S3 Buckets with Versioning and Encryption
  - Introducing Additional Storage Services
    - FSx: fully managed windoows file system
    - Elastic Disaster Recoovery
  - Amazon Elastic Block Store(EBS)
    - Persistent Storage
    - Highly Available and Durable
    - Scalable 
    - Encrypted
    - Snapshot
    - EBS Volume Types
      - SSD
        - General purpose SSD
        - Provisioned IOPS SSD
      - HDD
        - Throughput Optimized HDD
        - Cold HDD
  - AWS Storage Gateway
    - S3 File Gateway
    - Volume Gateway
    - Tape Gateway
    - FSx File Gateway
  - Overview of AWS Backup
## Content Delivery and Networking Technology and Services
  - Amazon CloudFront: use edge locations to cache contents
  - Content Delivery: The Bigger Picture
  - AWS Global Accelerator: use edge locations to find an optimal pathway to the nearest regional endpoint
  - Networking: The Bigger Picture
    - Amazon VPC
      - Public subnet
      - Private subnet
      - Internet Gateways
      - Route Tables
      - Security Group: stateful
      - Network access control list (NACL): stateless
    - Demo: Exploring Networking Services - VPC in Action
    - DNS: The Bigger Picture
      - Amazon Route 53
    - Applying Hybird Models with Networking Services
      - AWS Direct Connect
      - AWS VPN
        - Site-to-Site VPN
        - Client VPN
    - Content Delivery and Networking Exam Tips
    - Content Delivery and Networking Technology and Services Quiz
## Database Technology and Services
  - Databases: The Bigger Picture
    - Relational Databases:
      - Amazon RDS
    - NoSQL Databases
      - DynamoDB
    - In-Memory Databases
      - Amazon ElastiCache
      - Amazon MemoryDB for Redis
    - Graph Databases
      - Amazon Neptune: Fraud Detection, Recommendation systems, Drug Discovery
  - Understanding AWS Database Migration Services
    - AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)
    - AWS Schema Conversion Tool (SCT)
  - Amazon DynamoDB
    - Web Apps, Gaming, IOT
  - Overview of Memory-Based Databases in AWS
   - Amazon MemoryDB for Redis
     - Performance
     - Data Durability
  - Database Exam Tips

Commit message:

Review Exploring Amazon EC2 Storage

Practitioner/2_Storage_Networking_and_Databases/Readme.md, after:

## Storage Technoloogy and Services
  - Exploring Amazon EC2 Storage
    - EBS: Elastic Block Store: block-level storage used with EC2 instances
    - EFS: Elastic File System across multiple EC2 instances
    - Instance Stores: ephemeral, temporary block-level storage directly attached to the instances
    - EBS & EFS offer durable storage solution compare with Instance Store which is ephemeral.
    - Review
  - Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3): The Bigger Picture
    - durability
    - scalability
    - security
    - versatility
    - data, key, metadata
  - Exploring S3 Storage Classes
    - Standard
    - Intelligent-Tiering
    - Standard-Infrequent Access
    - One Zone-Infrequent Access
    - Glacier Instant Retrieval
    - Glacier Flexible Retrieval
    - Glacier Deep Archive
  - Demo: Exploring Storage Services -S3 in Action
  - Creating S3 Buckets with Versioning and Encryption
  - Introducing Additional Storage Services
    - FSx: fully managed windoows file system
    - Elastic Disaster Recoovery
  - Amazon Elastic Block Store(EBS)
    - Persistent Storage
    - Highly Available and Durable
    - Scalable 
    - Encrypted
    - Snapshot
    - EBS Volume Types
      - SSD
        - General purpose SSD
        - Provisioned IOPS SSD
      - HDD
        - Throughput Optimized HDD
        - Cold HDD
  - AWS Storage Gateway
    - S3 File Gateway
    - Volume Gateway
    - Tape Gateway
    - FSx File Gateway
  - Overview of AWS Backup
## Content Delivery and Networking Technology and Services
  - Amazon CloudFront: use edge locations to cache contents
  - Content Delivery: The Bigger Picture
  - AWS Global Accelerator: use edge locations to find an optimal pathway to the nearest regional endpoint
  - Networking: The Bigger Picture
    - Amazon VPC
      - Public subnet
      - Private subnet
      - Internet Gateways
      - Route Tables
      - Security Group: stateful
      - Network access control list (NACL): stateless
    - Demo: Exploring Networking Services - VPC in Action
    - DNS: The Bigger Picture
      - Amazon Route 53
    - Applying Hybird Models with Networking Services
      - AWS Direct Connect
      - AWS VPN
        - Site-to-Site VPN
        - Client VPN
    - Content Delivery and Networking Exam Tips
    - Content Delivery and Networking Technology and Services Quiz
## Database Technology and Services
  - Databases: The Bigger Picture
    - Relational Databases:
      - Amazon RDS
    - NoSQL Databases
      - DynamoDB
    - In-Memory Databases
      - Amazon ElastiCache
      - Amazon MemoryDB for Redis
    - Graph Databases
      - Amazon Neptune: Fraud Detection, Recommendation systems, Drug Discovery
  - Understanding AWS Database Migration Services
    - AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)
    - AWS Schema Conversion Tool (SCT)
  - Amazon DynamoDB
    - Web Apps, Gaming, IOT
  - Overview of Memory-Based Databases in AWS
   - Amazon MemoryDB for Redis
     - Performance
     - Data Durability
  - Database Exam Tips
